---
layout: post
title: Postdoctoral Fellowship on Open Science Practice in Infant Research
tags: [postdoc]
---


The [Concordia Infant Research Lab](https://infantresearch.ca), directed by Dr. Krista Byers-Heinlein, is seeking a postdoctoral fellow to join our dynamic and friendly lab. This opportunity is available through the [Concordia Horizon Postdoctoral Fellowships](https://www.concordia.ca/sgs/postdoctoral-fellows/funding/horizon.html) program. The lab is housed in the Psychology Department of Concordia University in Montreal, on the beautiful Loyola Campus. The postdoctoral fellow will be positioned at the forefront of an Open Science revolution in infancy research, a movement which aims to improve the practice of scientific research based on cooperative work and new ways of diffusing knowledge by using digital technologies and collaborative tools. The postdoctoral fellow will take a leadership role in large, international collaborative projects on infant development (i.e., ManyBabies) and conduct meta-science research aimed at improving research and Open Science practice in infant research. The postdoctoral fellow will have the opportunity to develop their own research ideas within the context of a research program on early language acquisition and bilingualism, implementing and innovating Open Science practice. 

All applicants to the position are welcome, but ideal applicants will have the following qualifications:

* PhD in Psychology, Cognitive Science, or a related discipline
* Excellent computational, statistical, and technical skills (knowledge of R is an asset)
* Demonstrated commitment to Open Science
* Interest in human development, particularly in the areas of infancy and bilingual development
* Excellent organizational and communication skills

Start date for the position is flexible but must be prior to August 31, 2020. Applications are being considered on an ongoing basis.

Questions can be addressed to [k.byers@concordia.ca](mailto:k.byers@concordia.ca), and details on how to apply are available via the [Concordia Horizon Post-Doc Page] (https://www.concordia.ca/sgs/postdoctoral-fellows/funding/horizon/descriptions/7003.html)

